feat: implement ios version of the keycommand (#3)
Expensify/react-native-key-command: README.md

```

## Usage
```js
import * as KeyCommand from 'react-native-key-command';

// ...

React.useEffect(() => {
    const SEARCH_COMMAND = {input: 'f', modifierFlags: KeyCommand.constants.keyModifierCommand};
    return KeyCommand.addListener(SEARCH_COMMAND, console.log);
}, []);
```

Imperative API provides you with a granular control over the library, e.g:
- Declare multiple commands at once
- Declare command in your React component (components/Shortcuts.js) and attach listener globally in your root component (Router.js)

> - Implement decoupled Register / Unregister commands

Author: updated

## Usage

```js

> import {registerKeyCommand, constants, eventEmitter} from 'react-native-key-command';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import * as KeyCommand from 'react-native-key-command';
```

Author: done

// ...

/**
 * Register a command for [k + CMD] combination
 */

> registerKeyCommand([

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KeyCommand.registerKeyCommand([
```

Author: updated
